= jQuery UI AddToCal widget v0.1.2

AddToCal is a jQuery UI widget that provides "Add to Calendar" functionality for any website.
Given event details, it allows users to add the event to any supported calendar system.

Supported calendar systems:
* Google Calendar
* Microsoft Live Calendar
* Yahoo! Calendar
* 30boxes
* Any iCal-compatible desktop application
* Any vCalendar-compatible desktop application

See the {addtocal.htm}[http://github.com/tardate/jquery.addtocalendar/blob/master//addtocal.htm] demo file for
an example of how to initialize and use the widget. You can find and use a live demo at http://tardate.com/addtocal/addtocal.htm

Using AddToCal is simply a matter of initializing the widget, and attaching it to any DOM element that will
hold a calendarable event in your application.

You need to implement one method when initializing AddToCal: getEventDetails( element ).
It is called when a user selects a calendar to add an event to.
The element parameter is the jQuery object for the event invoked.
You must return an object packed with the relevant event details.
How you determine the event attributes will depend on your page structure, and whether you are using a standard markup such as
the {hCalendar microformat}[http://microformats.org/wiki/hcalendar].

=== Widget Initialzation
Here's an example of the minimal initialisation require. This example attaches the addtocal widget to all elements with the class 'addtocal'.

  <script type='text/javascript' src='http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.2/jquery.min.js'></script>
  <script type='text/javascript' src='http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.8.2/jquery-ui.min.js'></script>

  <script type='text/javascript' src='javascripts/rfc3339date.js'></script>
  <script type='text/javascript' src='javascripts/jquery.addtocal.js'></script>

  <script type='text/javascript'>
  $(document).ready(function() {

    $('.addtocal').AddToCal({
      // ical and vcal require an ics or vcs file to be served.
      // Disable these features if reqired (as a result the 30boxes, iCal and vCalendar menu links will not appear)
      icalEnabled:false,
      vcalEnabled:false,

      getEventDetails: function( element ) {

        ... [implement whatever is required to parse 'element' into the required event structure] ...

        // return the required event structure
        return {
          webcalurl: null,
          icalurl: null,
          vcalurl: null,
          start: start,
          end: end,
          title: title,
          details: details,
          location: null,
          url: null
        };
      }
    });

  });
  </script>

=== Required getEventDetails event structure

The structure returned from getEventDetails has the following members:
* webcalurl: full url to webcal resource (if supported) e.g. webcal://mydomain/events/1.ics
* icalurl: full url to iCal resource (if supported) e.g. http://mydomain/events/1.ics
* vcalurl: full url to vCalendar resource (if supported) e.g. http://mydomain/events/1.vcs
* start: start time of the event (javascript date object)
* end: end time of the event (javascript date object)
* title: event title text
* details: event details text
* location: event location text
* url: full url to information about the event e.g. http://mydomain/events/1.html



== Source
For more information and source files, see the project's {github repository}[http://github.com/tardate/jquery.addtocalendar].
Feel free to fork and enhance!

== Dependencies

* {jQuery 1.4.x}[http://jquery.com/]
* {jQuery UI 1.8.x}[http://jqueryui.com/]
* {rfc3339date.js}[http://github.com/tardate/rfc3339date.js]

== Copyright
Copyright (c) 2010 Paul GALLAGHER http://tardate.com

Dual licensed under the {MIT}[http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php] or
{GPL Version 2}[http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html] licenses.

== Other References

* {Google Calendar}[http://www.google.com/googlecalendar/event_publisher_guide.html]
* {Windows Live Calendar}[http://mailcall.spaces.live.com/blog/cns!CC9301187A51FE33!49778.entry]
* {Yahoo!, Google, iCal}[http://davelms.co.uk/2006/09/04/add-to-calendar/]
* {hCalendar microformat}[http://microformats.org/wiki/hcalendar]
